docs: add cloud vs self hosted guide (#3450)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/get-started/core-concepts/plans-features.mdx

Specifically, when cloud hosting, you:

- Cannot edit the FusionAuth instance configuration page like you can when self-hosting.
- Can choose when to upgrade FusionAuth to the latest version, but the process itself is automated.

To learn how to use cloud hosting in detail, read the [FusionAuth Cloud guide](/docs/get-started/run-in-the-cloud/cloud). To estimate the fees for the deployments in your account, use the [pricing calculator](https://account.fusionauth.io/pricing-calculator/).

### Advantages Of Each Hosting Type

Self-hosting gives you complete control over FusionAuth, including the ability to use [Kickstart](/docs/get-started/download-and-install/development/kickstart) to start an instance with the exact configuration you need, allowing you to specify whether it includes sample applications and users. You can use Kickstart in conjunction with GitHub or continuous deployment services to deploy any number and configuration of FusionAuth instances. The FusionAuth database runs on your host, and you can run any SQL queries against it to extract daily data for analytics, to import users, or to edit data in bulk.

> Cloud hosting is more convenient than self-hosting. Starting and stopping a deployment takes only a few clicks, as does upgrading. Deployments scale easily as your number of customers grows, due to the more powerful cloud instances available to handle the greater authentication workload. Backups are automated and available should you need to roll back your database at any time. A team of FusionAuth experts manages the cloud environment and is available if you need support. You can also purchase a 99.99% uptime service level agreement (SLA) to guarantee that your site will always be available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud hosting is more convenient than self-hosting. Starting and stopping a deployment takes only a few clicks, as does upgrading. Deployments scale easily as your number of customers grows, due to the more powerful cloud instances available to handle the greater authentication workload. Backups are automated and available should you need to roll back your database at any time. A team of FusionAuth experts manages the cloud environment and is available if you need support. You can also purchase a 99.99% uptime service level agreement (SLA) to guarantee that your site will always be available. FusionAuth is also available in the [AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-65uhkzzoaqnwa), allowing you to use your pre-approved AWS spend to include FusionAuth as a single line item.
```

### Use Cases For Each Hosting Type

Self-hosting is free (other than computer and network costs), which is perfect for testing FusionAuth, local development, or any spare resources you already have on an existing server. You can also host FusionAuth anywhere, even on a private network, which may be a requirement for your organization's data regulations. Self-hosting is a good choice if your team has the knowledge and time to manage FusionAuth.

Cloud hosting is a good choice for small businesses that want to spend as little time as possible managing infrastructure or that don't know enough about FusionAuth and server management to host FusionAuth safely themselves. Cloud hosting may also be useful when you have variable numbers of users, as you can more easily scale your authentication server up or down.

> If neither option offers you an obvious advantage, compare the cost of self-hosting and cloud hosting to decide. Self-hosting is a good choice when you have an infrastructure team with spare time to monitor and maintain your own instances. Cloud hosting costs money but saves your infrastructure team time. You need to calculate the total cost of cloud hosting your deployments against your employees' hours spent maintaining FusionAuth, and the potential cost of downtime if your local FusionAuth instance were to become misconfigured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If neither option offers you an obvious advantage, compare the cost of self-hosting and cloud hosting to decide: 

- Self-hosting is a good choice when you have an infrastructure team with spare time to monitor and maintain your own instances. 
- Cloud hosting costs money but saves your infrastructure team time. 

You should calculate the total cost of cloud hosting your deployments against the cost of having your own team maintaining FusionAuth, and the potential cost of downtime if your local FusionAuth instance were to become misconfigured. 
```
